Well, let's not jump
to conclusions.
The A-Team?
You're gonna
help us catch 'em.
Bounty hunters.
They want to collect
on all of us.
l don't think
we have to worry about them.
[siren wailing]
Peck?
Decker.
l have a gun on you.
Put your hands up.
l'm all right, but l--
You wanna see this
sweet little thing again...
you better hope Smith does
what l tell him.
They don't look
too tough to me.
The game isn't over till
the last hand is dealt.
(male narrator)
In 1972,
a crack commando unit...
was sent to prison
by a military court...
for a crime
they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade...
to the Los Angeles
underground.
Today,
still wanted
by the government...
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire
the A-Team.
[gun firing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[elevator bell dinging]
Hey, there,
pretty lady.
We're lookin' for a fella
by the name of Murdock.
Are you friends
of Murdock?
Friends?
Well, yes, ma'am,
we're real good buddies
of Mr. Murdock's.
Mr. Murdock's
in room 104.
lt's down the hall
and on your right.
Much obliged.
[video game beeping]
l guess he don't wanna
be disturbed, huh, Royko?
(Tanen)
All right, let's go!
Why did you just blow a hole
through my door?
Shut the hell up.
(Royko)
l'm gonna tell you this
just once, flyboy.
Keep your mouth shut
and do what you're told...
or they'll be pickin' you
off the walls. Got it?
[gun firing]
[woman screaming]
Everyone hit the floor now!
[elevator bell dinging]
Come on!
Get!
(Face)
What happened here?
lt was horrible.
There was nothing
we could do.
lt was frightening,
really frightening.
l thought we were all
gonna be killed.
Oh, well, now,
just calm down.
Just relax.
Really, you've been
very, very good
through this.
Yeah, tell me,
what exactly have you
told the police?
l mean, what did
the men look like?
They were just
two big guys.
They talked
like hillbillies.
l've called the military.
They're on their way.
You called the military?
Well, l'm sure
the police want to ask you
some more questions...
but, really,
l must be going.
lt, uh....
[clearing throat]
[elevator bell dinging]
Peck?
Decker.
Peck.
After him.
Peck must still be in here.
Let's go.
[grunting]
[exclaiming]
Thanks.
l'm telling you, Hannibal,
they tore
the whole floor apart.
Scared everyone on duty
half to death.
These guys who took Murdock,
man, they got shotguns.
Who knows what
they'll do to him?
We gotta go after 'em now.
Yeah, but which way?
We haven't got a direction.
Yeah, you think this is
Decker's way
of drawing us out?
Nah. Two hillbillies
with shotguns,
that's not Decker's style.
What are we
gonna do, Hannibal?
They might kill him.
lf they're gonna kill him,
they would have done it
at the hospital.
l got a feeling
they want him alive.
Yeah, they'll probably try
to make contact with us.
Yeah, but the only number
that Murdock knows...
is the mobile phone
in the van.
[thumping on van]
Uh-oh, let's go.
Okay, Smith,
we got this shot set up.
We're waiting for you.
Come on.
Okay, the scene is where
you grab the girl and drag her
back to the nest...
where the eucalyptus tree is.
What?
Here.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
l think it'll fit,
but the pants leak.
Wait a minute.
We gotta set up this shot.
You can't go off like this.
Kid, kid, kid, kid.
Put him on report...
again.
But....
(Murdock)
All l asked you
was how much further it is.
You haven't stopped
since we left the hospital.
We're goin' out of state,
aren't we?
l mean, this is gonna
be a long drive.
l hate long drives.
l get so nauseated.
Can't we turn on
the flow-through ventilation
or something?
And look, why don't you watch
the speed limit there?
You're not even wearin'
your seatbelts!
Why aren't you
wearin' your seatbelts?
You better stop, man!
Been goin' on
for two hours.
What are you, crazy?
Of course l'm crazy.
You got me out
of the psychiatric ward
of a VA hospital, stupid!
Hey! You know
what l do to guys
that don't shut up?
l take me some piano wire
and sew their lips together.
That would hurt.
Yeah, it don't take
but a minute.
Think about that.
(Murdock)
My jacket didn't have wrinkles
in it before l got in that.
Look at my ply shoes.
They're all scuffed up.
l know l'm gonna have to
get 'em cleaned.
ls there a Laundromat
around here?
l know l saw a Laundromat.
Another thing, l'm gonna
need some change, 'cause
l only got a quarter...
and l know it's gonna be
at least 35 cents
for a fluff-dry.
And l'm hungry.
You didn't offer me
any burgers or fries.
[all yelling]
What are you
talkin' about?
He's drivin' me nuts!
[Tanen shouting]
Tanen, stop it!
l've never seen
anything like this.
That's enough.
You boys settle down.
[laughing]
Them's my two boys.
They get real
excitable sometimes.
So you're Murdock, huh?
l sure heard
a lot about you.
You heard about me?
l don't know about me.
What do you know about me?
Well, two tours in Nam...
Silver Star,
three Unit Citations...
wounded twice, best damn
Huey chopper pilot we had.
l don't mean to be pushy,
but what am l doing here?
You see, me and my two boys
and the lndian here...
we're bounty hunters.
Yeah, best there is.
And there's three men
out there someplace.
They calls theirselves
the A-Team.
Now, the army's offerin' up
a big reward on 'em.
Dead or alive.
The A-Team?
Yeah. And you're
gonna help us catch 'em.
Get him in the house.
Catch what? The A-Team?
l don't know
what you're talkin' about.
Bounty hunters,
A-Team...
bounty hunters,
this A-Team.
l don't know
what you're talkin' about.
(Murdock)
l'm just a guy
from a mental ward.
Tie him up.
You know,
you look Chippewa.
You Chippewa?
(Murdock)
No, you're not Chippewa.
You're Chumash, Chumash.
(Murdock)
No, with Chumash,
they roam California.
No, you ain't Chumash,
you're Cheyenne.
You Cheyenne?
Does he always
just stare like that?
The lndian?
Yeah, when he's mad.
(Royko)
Man, we're gonna do it. We're
gonna take on the A-Team.
(Darrow)
We're gonna do it
when l say we're gonna do it.
l been collectin'
on bounties
for 35 years now...
and l know
what l'm doin'.
And this A-Team bounty
is the one l've been
waitin' for all my life.
And l aim to see that
everything goes just right.
We'll get' em, Daddy.
Don't you worry.
Well, we'd better get 'em.
And now you're gonna put in
a call to your friends...
'cause l expect
they're real concerned
about you right about now.
[telephone ringing]
Yeah.
Colonel, there's somebody here
who wants to talk to you.
Yeah.
We got your man here, Smith.
(Darrow)
I hear you and your boys
are pretty tough.
Why do you
want Murdock?
Well, it ain't
Murdock we want.
lt's the three of you
we're after.
(Darrow)
The military's offerin' up
a big bounty on you...
and I aim to collect on it.
Now, if you wanna
see Murdock again...
you and Peck and Baracus
will come to me.
Now, take this down.
l'm only gonna say it once.
(Darrow)
Go on out of town
on Route 9...
up to Bedford Falls.
When you get there,
there's a bar called
The Hat Rack...
there's a pay phone
in the back of that bar.
You go there
and wait for my call.
And remember,
there'll be somebody
watching you every second...
from the minute
you get into town.
Now, if you don't answer
when I call...
[telephone ringing]
your buddy Murdock here
is dead meat.
Yeah.
(Darrow)
Well, now. Howdy, partner.
l'm glad you could make it.
l was just about to hang up...
and that'd have made
your buddy Murdock here
feel right poorly.
Yeah, well...
[panting]
l'm here.
Now, what do you want?
Now you're gonna
take the road out of town,
that's what.
You go on along the road
until you come
to Pinecrest Drive.
(Darrow)
You take a right.
You follow that along
until you come
to the junction.
You take a left fork,
then go on till you find
an abandoned campsite.
There, you're gonna stop...
and you're all gonna
take off your jackets.
And then you're gonna
get out of the van
with your hands in the air.
Now, if l see any of you
guys packin' somethin'...
l'm gonna gut shoot
everyone of you.
[dial tone sounding]
[people chattering]
[dishes clattering]
[door chime ringing]
[door closing]
[engine starting]
Hey, they just left.
(Tanen)
They're on their way, Pa.
(Darrow)
Good. Get back home
right away.
Anything, B.A.?
(B.A.)
Yeah.
Some guy used the phone
right after you left.
I heard him tell
whoever he was talking to
that we were on the way.
l got the number. 555-2944.
Got it. We'll swing by
and pick you up.
[tires screeching]
We're working
against the clock.
You've got to get me
an address off this...
in five minutes.
Five minutes?
Well, now, don't tell me
the Faceman is gettin' slow
in his old age.
All right, all right,
five minutes...
but l'm gonna have to
borrow B.A.
and his tool box.
Me? Man, l ain't no good
at runnin' scams.
Hey, l'm gonna
do all the work.
All you do is enter on cue
and say what l tell you,
all right?
Just like
being an actor.
[telephone ringing]
[grunting]
(Jeannie)
Operator, yes.
[tools clanging]
Yes.
Stay on the line.
l'll connect you
to that number.
Can l help you?
Oxlead Construction.
Won't be more
than 15 minutes.
(Jeannie)
But....
What's going on here?
Well, the power outage....
We gotta patch
into the main cable.
Well, no one told me
about any of this.
You mean you didn't get
the paperwork they sent over
from the main office?
Paperwork?
No, no, l didn't
get anything.
[telephone ringing]
Uh-huh.
Operator. Yes.
Please hold,
l'll connect you.
What company did you say
you were from?
Oxlead Construction.
Oh, Baracus,
you got those drills?
Here we go.
Thank you.
l just gotta drill
a couple of holes here.
[drilling]
Hey, man,
she ain't got no hat.
(Face)
Don't worry about it now.
Nuts.
[sighing]
Oh, boy.
Building Code 1 1 4,
Section 29:
''Everybody working
in the area of a construction
has to wear a hard hat.''
Well, l'm the only
operator on duty.
l can't just leave.
Well, Baracus, do you think
you could take her
out to the truck...
and fit her
with a hard hat?
But l can't leave the board.
Oh, the board.
Don't worry about the board.
l'll take care of the board,
no problem.
(Face)
There you go.
[door closing]
[B.A. sighing]
Well, now,
that looks perfect.
Nice fit, nice color.
Could l see you
in the truck?
1 25 South Mason Road.
Four minutes
and 27 seconds.
Not bad, huh?
(Face)
Slowing down
in my old age.
Okay, here's a way
we can get behind
the houses on Mason Road.
Let's go, B.A.
We got about 20 minutes.
[gun clicking]
Wow, l can't wait to feel
this baby kick up
back against my shoulder.
[Royko chuckling]
Hey, Pop, we're gonna
blow these guys away, right?
You promised
we're gonna blow 'em away.
Remember what
l always been telling you:
''Dead or alive'' means dead.
All right, let's move out.
[engine revving]
(Jimmy Eagle)
Hold it.
[tires squealing]
(Darrow)
Come on, let's get him
before he gets too far.
[gun cocking]
[guns firing]
(Tanen)
There he is!
Sure looks like
Murdock escaped.
We gotta find him,
Hannibal.
(Face)
Colonel.
[siren wailing]
Yeah, Murdock escaped,
all right.
Well, we got
company. Decker.
(Hannibal)
Somebody must have spotted us
driving down this road.
Let's get out of here.
[tires squealing]
[guns firing]
(B.A.)
Poor old Murdock.
Out there all alone.
Being chased
by them bounty hunters.
lf they do anything to him....
B.A., l've never heard you
sound so concerned
about Murdock.
l'm not concerned.
lt's just that the crazy fool
can't help himself.
Gee, l think we're seeing
a whole other side
of Mr. Baracus here.
(B.A.)
You ain't seein' nothin'.
Now let's get Murdock.
Hey, he can't call us on this.
One of Decker's rounds
must have taken
the aerial out.
We'll go
to the contingency plan. Face?
[[[country music playing]
[car horn honking]
[bell ringing]
Fill her up, Sam.
Oh, and don't forget
to check the oil.
[telephone ringing]
(woman)
I'm sorry, sir.
That mobile phone
you're trying to reach
is out of service.
[dog whimpering]
Here's your change, miss.
(Sam)
Thanks.
(Jimmy Eagle)
Hey, lady, pull over!
Come on,
pull the van over, lady. Now!
[gun firing]
Please. Please.
Get out.
l've got some money.
lt's in my purse.
You can have it.
lt's not your money
we want, little lady.
Check the van.
[barking]
[screaming]
(Royko)
Tanen, l'm gonna blow that dog
over half this county!
No, please!
Homer didn't mean
to hurt you. He....
You just scared him,
that's all. He's only a dog.
Put it down!
l said put it down.
l don't want no more
gunshots around here.
We already got
half the county police
out here now.
(Darrow)
Little lady, just
consider yourself lucky...
we didn't find
what we were lookin' for.
Now, l'd suggest
you get back in that van
and hightail it out of here.
And just be grateful
that you're still breathin'.
[engine starting]
[Homer whimpering]
(Murdock)
Hi.
[Homer whimpering]
Hi. l guess you're wonderin'
what l'm doin' here in
the back of your van and....
lt's a nice dog you got there,
by the way.
Stay back.
Now, l've got a gun on you.
(Kelly)
Now, put your hands up.
Please, put your hands up.
l don't wanna shoot you.
Yeah, l can see
you don't wanna shoot me.
What do you mean by that?
You have
a local AM station?
[[[country music playing
on radio]
Do you realize
what l just said to you?
l've got
a gun on you.
No, l don't know who you are,
and l don't wanna shoot you...
but l will if l have to.
ls that gun loaded?
You bet. Now, who were
those men back there?
They're bounty hunters.
You know...
Captain Marvel red caps
work best in guns like those.
Of course, in a pinch...
l like to make that
neat little sound you make
with your mouth...
when you roll your tongue
against the roof of your mouth
and you go....
[imitating gun firing]
lt's my nephew's.
l found it in the van.
Look, if it's not
too much trouble...
do you mind
if l ask you who you are...
and what those men
are after you for?
No, it's not
too much trouble,
and it's a fair question.
My name is H.M. Murdock...
and those sleazeballs
back there are trying
to use me...
to get to some
friends of mine.
Now, let me ask
you a question.
lf you had a feelin'
that there was somebody
in the back of your van...
why didn't you
tell those guys?
Why didn't you turn me in?
Homer.
[whimpering]
He didn't chew your head off.
And l've always found animals
to be a pretty good
judge of character.
Yeah. Yeah.
[barking]
[sprinklers spraying]
[radio being tuned]
[[[country music playing]
You really serious
about this radio stuff?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
lt worked in Nam.
The colonel was once separated
from the unit
right outside Da Nang...
on a recon sweep.
All communication
was cut off...
so he just headed right for
the local radio station...
and we picked up his broadcast
right over the Jeep radio.
[laughing]
lt's not very good, is it?
l can't believe
this music.
l mean, what happened
to Van Halen...
Boy George, and
Frankie Goes To Hollywood?
You'd love it.
lt has a great beat to it.
l gotta be honest with you.
l've never really liked
that kind of music.
What about the Rolling Stones?
Oh, well, l know them.
l....
ln fact, there's a song
they did l really like,
Norwegian Wood.
That was the Beatles.
Well...
l always got 'em mixed up.
What do you guys do
for fun around here?
What about your boyfriend?
Where does he take you?
Do you have any
favorite restaurants, or....
l don't have a boyfriend.
What do you mean,
you don't have a boyfriend?
You have to have a boyfriend.
What, have you been livin'
behind drawn shades
and shut doors?
And, l mean, you're....
You have to
have a boyfriend.
You're a pretty girl.
Well, l have never thought
of myself as pretty.
Pretty girl.
You're crazy,
you know that?
l know it.
How'd you know it?
(dispatcher)
They're en route. Stand by.
l want this entire sector
sealed off.
Set up roadblocks here,
here, and here.
l want every road covered.
They will be.
My men'll cover
this area here.
l got CHP units
comin' in.
They'll blanket
the entire area...
of the roads there,
north of l-5.
l'm gonna tell you
something, Colonel.
Church mouse couldn't
get across my back yard
without us knowin' about it.
Never underestimate
the A-Team.
They've been trapped before
and found a way to break out.
What in the hell
do you think
you're doin'?
l told you to stay loose.
They ain't lookin' for us.
They're lookin'
for the A-Team.
How do you know
they ain't lookin'
for us?
How do you know that girl
ain't with the sheriff
the first chance she got?
Royko's right, Pappy.
Well, we're gonna find out
what's goin' on first...
before anyone
starts shootin'.
[birds chirping]
Howdy, officer.
Seems like you got
a few cars backed up.
What seems to be
the problem?
Well, we're lookin'
for some fugitives
believed to be in the area.
You got anything
to go on?
Nah, the only thing
we got so far
is some hiker reported...
seein' someone hoppin'
into the back of a blue van
down Junction 16.
lt's about all we got.
We didn't even get
a license number or
a description of the driver.
Well, l sure wish you
a lot of good luck, officer.
(Darrow)
That blue van has to be
the one we stopped back there.
l remember the writin'
on the side.
Some kind of
animal clinic, Pa.
Well, looks like
we got us an extra lead
that the police ain't got.
Let's go.
(Billie Bob)
This here ol' buckin' bronc
rider himself...
Cowboy Billie Bob.
Now, we got here
a special request, folks...
from a Sweet Suzie
to her beau, Jocko.
So l want all you hard-livin',
butt-kickin'...
floor-stompin' yahoos
out there...
to cuddle up
with your little filly...
and hunker down
as the Cowboy spins
a little gold.
[[['80s pop music playing]
Cowboy Billie Bob.
Yeah. Who wants to know?
Do you think l should ask
for an autograph?
Look, you got a complaint,
talk to Harry outside.
Yeah, we did.
He's entertaining
a friend of ours.
Oh, yeah, gee.
Well, l can't tell you
what this means to me.
l mean, here l am,
actually talkin'
to the Cowboy himself.
(Face)
l mean, Billie Bob. Yeah.
Billie Bob.
l can't wait to tell
the little old lady...
only l'll bet you
she'd never believe me.
Okay, you saw the Cowboy.
(Face)
Yeah.
Now why don't you two just
make like a gun
and shoot on outta here?
Four, three, two,
one, zero.
Should sleep like a baby
for the rest of the day.
(Hannibal)
We haven't got much time.
Suppose Decker
hears Face's voice.
(Hannibal)
Come on, B.A.
l got a plan for Decker.
Yeah, well,
l hope it's a good one.
This is the Faceman,
sittin' in for the Cowboy.
Yes, siree,
the Facial Phantom
of the airwaves.
And l'll be playin'
all those tunes
you love to hear.
And speakin' of love,
l'd love to hear from a very
special friend of mine...
one Howlin' Mad
little lost sheep.
[mimicking sheep bleating]
lf you're out there,
Howlin' Mad...
give us a call.
That number'd be 555-3792.
And in the meantime,
all you listeners...
why don't you wrap your ears
around these vibrations?
[birds chirping]
Okay, B.A.,
take your pick.
Plant the stuff...
give me a call,
and l'll pick you up
in the van.
[dispatcher chattering]
Hannibal, all set.
Okay.
Count to 20...
(Hannibal)
and then hit the button.
lt's the A-Team!
Attention, all units,
this is Col. Decker.
l'm in pursuit
of the A-Team van...
heading east
on the old Summit Road.
(Decker)
All units converge
on my position. Out.
[sirens wailing]
[gun firing]
[guns firing]
lt's workin', Hannibal.
Like a charm.
[[[country music playing]
How's the little fellow doing,
by the way?
He'll be sore
for a week or so...
but with any luck,
he'll be just fine.
[meowing]
Murdock, your friends
are gonna be okay...
and they will find you.
Oh, l know. l know.
l can see the colonel now,
formulating a plan.
The Faceman
movin' and groovin'...
and B.A.
just worried sick about me.
l can see that ugly mud-sucker
standin' off in a corner
of a room somewhere...
just comatosed with grief,
worryin' about my health
and welfare benefits.
[[[music playing]
Hannibal, you almost got us
killed back there.
Makin' me jump
in my van like that.
(Hannibal)
Yeah, but we lost Decker,
didn't we?
(B.A.)
Any word on Murdock?
No, nothin' yet.
Man, l'm really beginnin'
to worry about Murdock.
He'll find us, B.A.
l tell you,
if anything happens
to that crazy fool....
(Face)
This is the Faceman comin'
to you from KWRE, ''Query.''
Yes, siree, folks,
the Facial Phantom...
waitin' to hear
from the Howlin' Mad
little old sheep.
(Face)
If you're out there,
Howlin' Mad, give us a call.
Find a dime,
take the time,
get on the line...
and give us a howl.
The number is 555-3792.
555-3792.
l can't find any paper!
(both)
555-3792.
[ringing]
Yeah.
(Murdock)
Oh, I like that, B.A.
Direct and to the point.
''Yeah.''
Actually, it's kinda lyrical.
You know, there's so much
in so little...
but I'm impressed, big guy,
I really am.
Shut up, fool! You okay?
A-okay. All my systems
are functioning perfectly.
Murdock's fine.
Murdock, you got any idea
where the guys are
that grabbed you?
No, l lost them
a couple of hours ago,
Colonel.
l don't think we have to worry
about them.
(Face)
This is the Faceman,
spinnin' a few tunes.
And we're so happy
we found our
little lost sheep...
we're gonna play
this very special number.
[ And this guy [
[ He's a wild one [[
All units are converging
on the radio station, Colonel.
Good.
Looks like the A-Team
is still there.
They pulled this
little trick before.
Smith will never
leave a friend...
and that'll be
his undoing.
lf you've gotta go,
let me drive you.
l can't.
lt's too dangerous.
l mean, in a few minutes...
this place is gonna be
swarming with
military types...
and those bounty hunters
are gonna be
running around here...
like chickens
with their heads cut off.
You gotta stay here.
Let me drive you.
l know the back roads...
and l know how
to avoid the roadblocks.
l really love the way
the corner of your eyes...
just scrunches up
when you get angry.
Am l ever gonna
see you again?
Of course you're gonna
see me again.
How could Murdock
ever forget...
the mysterious lady
in the blue van...
who appeared out of nowhere,
just to save him?
Now go
before you see me cry.
l'll call you
when we're safe.
[door closing]
[whispering]
l'll park your van
by the side of the road.
And l like you.
(Face)
Well, that was
three in a row...
from Harland Zobel,
Lefty Latham...
and the one and only
Billie Jean Jones.
Which has been brought
to you by the folks
down at Barnes Feed and Grain.
Colonel.
(Face)
That's right,
Barnes Feed and Grain...
lt's a tape.
...has been serving
the public since 1948.
They must have known
we were comin'.
(Murdock)
You really missed me,
didn't you, big guy?
Come on, admit it.
You missed me.
Miss you?
Man, l didn't miss nothin'.
He missed me, didn't he,
Colonel? Didn't he?
All l know, we had
peace and quiet
around here for a while.
Didn't have to listen
to your crazy jibber-jabber.
Looks like Decker
took the bait.
l hope he enjoys the music.
Colonel, could we stop off
at the next phone booth?
l gotta make
a telephone call.
Over there, B.A.
(Murdock)
Kelly, it's me, H.M.
l just wanted you to know
that l made contact
with the Colonel...
and we're on our way
outta here.
Murdock, l'm all right,
but l--
Listen.
You put Smith on.
If you wanna see this
sweet little thing again...
you better hope Smith does
what l tell him.
Wait a minute.
You listen to me.
You touch one hair
on that girl's head...
and l won't sleep,
l won't eat,
and l will find you.
And when l do...
I will feed your head
to flies.
This is Smith.
(Darrow)
Yeah, Smith...
l got the girl here
that helped your man.
(Darrow)
She's a real nice lady...
and she's pretty scared
right now.
And, you know,
l think that gives me
the upper hand.
Ain't it funny
how things work out?
l thought l was dealt me
a losin' hand...
and l end up
holdin' four aces.
Seems like you're lucky.
Yeah. You tell Murdock...
if he wants to see
his little lady again...
the four of you
will hightail it out here.
Besides...
l'm mighty anxious
to meet you.
(Darrow)
But if you don't...
l just might turn
sweet-cheeks here...
over to my two boys.
[laughing]
They're nice boys.
Sometimes they just don't know
how to treat a lady.
Now, wait a minute.
The military has this area
covered like a blanket.
We may not be able
to get there.
Oh, come on. The A-Team?
[chuckling]
You got one hour, Smith.
And no tricks.
[dial tone sounding]
(Hannibal)
We gotta be there in an hour.
lf anything happens
to Kelly, Colonel....
We won't let anything
happen to her, Murdock.
(Face)
Murdock, we're gonna
pull this one out.
Yeah, have faith, brother.
All right, Colonel,
we're gonna need a diversion.
Yeah, except those guys
gonna be expecting us
to try something.
Then let's not
disappoint 'em.
We gotta do this
fast, guys.
[whirring]
l'm tellin' you,
they're not gonna show.
They got 10 minutes.
They'll be here.
[chuckling]
l kinda hope
they don't show.
That way me
and sweetie-pie here
can get better acquainted.
l'm tired of tellin' you
about keepin' your mind
on your job.
Come on, Pa.
We got what we wanted.
The A-Team's on its way.
Let me have a little fun.
Pappy's right.
Now, don't mess things up.
That bounty's plenty big,
even split four ways.
After we're finished,
you can buy
all the fun you want.
You mind your business,
l'll take care of mine.
Listen.
Let's worry about
the good times later.
Now, you get out in the yard
and keep an eye out.
[door opening]
They're here!
[doors closing]
Okay, we're here.
Why don't you
let the girl go?
Sure.
You okay?
Yeah.
l've been waitin'
a real long time...
to have the A-Team
standin' there
in front of me.
They don't look
too tough to me.
Why don't you tell
sap-mouth over there...
that the game isn't over
till the last hand is dealt.
Hey, you're right.
Only this time, you lose.
(Darrow)
All right, take them out!
[exploding]
[guns firing]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
They never learn.
''You gotta know
when to hold 'em...
and know when to walk away.''
[sirens wailing]
Hey, man, Decker!
Give Col. Decker
our regards...
and ask him
to throw these slimeballs
in jail for us, would you?
l gotta go.
Murdock,
you have a visitor.
Visitor?
Do me a favor,
will you?
Will you go find out
if it's a bill collector?
lf it is,
just tell him....
Just tell him
l ran out of stamps
a couple of months ago.
He'll understand,
he really will.
They're very good about it.
lt's not
a bill collector.
lt's a lady.
A lady?
Where is she?
She's waiting
right over here.
Thank you.
Well, you said
l could come visit you.
What? What's the matter?
Nothin'. Nothin'.
l'm just comparing you
to a mental image...
l was carryin' around
in my head...
sort of like a....
A mind projection.
And guess what.
What?
lt doesn't compare
to the real thing.
l've missed you.
l missed you, too.
Well, you never called.
Well, you know,
they don't give you
any dimes in this place.
l think they're afraid
you're gonna choke on 'em.
Know what l mean?
Murdock, what are you
doing here?
That's a long story.
Well, you wanna tell me
over a pizza?
Pizza? Has it got pepperoni
and mushroom on it?
Well, it's got pepperoni,
but we'll have to do
without the mushrooms.
[exclaiming]
You already took a bite.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org